Is it good to have one chance?
Jiaojiao, are you confused?
Mom, I really know I was wrong.
Mom, I'm going to give you one last chance.
You can't mess around.
Don't worry, I won't let you down.
Gu Kai, where are we going now?
Introduce you to a new partner
You'll know when you get there.
I want to receive the advance payment first and then talk about cooperation.
Don't worry.
I went to great lengths to call you back from abroad
agreed price
I will not give you less at all.
Come on.
Gu Kai, your father has been defeated by Gu Yunping
This time your secret weapon is him
Miss Ye is Gu Yunting's first love
If he goes out
Gu Yunting will surely fall into his gentle hometown
Miss Ye
You won't be still in love with Gu Yunting
So many years have passed
I just want money now
You want a story?
No money.
Do you want to allow He Jiang Yining's life?
Happy cooperation.
Happy cooperation happy cooperation